<!-- 5.4 -->

<div class='ucc' />Inventory > Local Manager Summary > Properties (middle of page)</div>

The **config system properties** editor command allows you to set arbitrary name/value pairs for reference, use in reports generated by the Control Center, or to extend the functionality of the Control Center's CLI applet.

Properties can be configured on the system, modem, power control, and port resources.

Control Center reports can look for name/value pairs to include with the returned data, such as:

```
[admin@UplogixLM]# config system properties
[config properties]# installDate 01/13/12
[config properties]# rack 7b
[config properties]# exit
```

If you have SNMP enabled on the LM, you can use properties to set the System Contact and System Location:

```
[admin@UplogixLM1]# config system properties
[config properties]# sysContact.0 John Smith
[config properties]# sysLocation.0 Row12Rack8Slot4
[config properties]# exit
```

Other properties can be used to change the behavior of the CLI applet.

**sshIp** - This property will override the reported IP address when initiating an SSH connection with the CLI applet. For example, if the LM's IP is 192.168.1.14, but sshIp is configured as 75.125.200.98, clicking on the CLI applet will open connection to 75.125.200.98. Useful if an appliance is behind a firewall or NAT.

**sshPort** - This property overrides the default port 22 for SSH connections. Useful if the LM is behind a router with port forwarding capabilities.

**sshIpv6** - Specifies an alternate IPv6 address to be used instead of the address reported by the LM.

**sshIpOob** - This property will override the reported Out of Band IP address. Useful if an appliance ends up behind a firewall or NAT when it brings up its out of band connection.

**sshPortOob** - This property overrides the default port 22 for SSH connections while the LM is operating Out of Band.

**sshIpv6Oob** - Specifies an alternate IPv6 addressed to be used when the LM is operating Out of Band.

You can view configured properties with the show system properties command or on the Local Manager detail page on the Control Center.

```
[admin@UplogixLM1]# show system properties
installDate: 01/13/16
rack: 7b
sysContact.0: John Smith
sysLocation.0: Row12Rack8Slot4
```